Hello My name is Dustin Welcome back at: "Smarter Every Day"
I pass the road to Atlanta Georgia. You can see the dome behind me
I am at the University of Atlanta Georgia and have a box of butterflies wings.
We will try to solve the mystery we encountered in the forest. We discovered it when we dropped it
A butterfly begins to fly, there are atoms of dust flying from its wings
At least that's what I call. Watch this:
"What is this dust?"
In order to know what that is, I came to the "Betit" science center here at the University of Georgia,
Are we going to the Center for Biological Imaging - Dr. Simmons? glad to meet you.
-glad to meet you. - I brought some butterflies - ah, excellent
Destin: Aoh .. Here's where you work? - I live here - let us do it.
-please enter. If you see the last shot you realize that these particles of dust are already
Come from the wings of the butterfly. The thing that we do not know anyway is how
These particles were originally installed.
It has happened that Dr. Simmons is a microscopic expert who has just given us a small lesson on electronic scanning microscopes.
If Dr. Simmons drew all this I would try
He should be guided. Correct me if I make a mistake. -OK.
- We have an electronic gun at the top here, we start sending a stream of electrons here.
When approaching here pass through what I call electromagnetic lenses? - Yeah
Well, we change the beam, and we scan that ray on
Which was here, in our case a butterfly wing. - Butterfly wing
Depending on the location of the survey, we measure the feedback electrons from the sample.
Using what is called an "electron amplifier"!
- It is a kind of electron detectors. - Then pass through some filters. Later we will be able to get
On a gray gradient. Principally is this true? - Basically it is -
- We are now experts in electron microscopy scanner can we say that?
- Yes - [Laughing] Well the time of science glasses on the eyes .. I think this is the nicest glasses I have been given
I will not lie to you. Well here question we have three types of butterflies wings here,
Our "sunset moth" is theoretically not a butterfly, we have "Morpho"
Our "Cithearius" what we will do is that Dr. Symens
He will use the electronic microscope to show us the difference between these wings
Now, the thing that I think is interesting in regards to the "Cithaerius" is that it ranks between
The wings are exposed and transparent wings.
- The unfortunate thing is that this test is destructive. - destructive destructive. We will.
In the electronic microscope we will rain it with a barrage of electrons to get this difference
Massive in shipments. But the problem is that the wings of the butterflies are a buffer
Is Dr. Simsons saying that correctly? - Well, well, we'll unload that
Voltage, or .. think voltage difference. We'll empty it back to the ground.
The way we do this is by putting gold around that wing to have a way to the ground.
Start the countdown to the experiment. -Well 3 .. 2 ..
1 .. You will press the start button - beautiful.
This is a cloud of gold? - There are atoms of gold
Platinium flies in the vicinity of the insulator.
- Looks a little different. - Yes look different I acquired a relatively thick layer on them
Our here went. - 60% gold and 40% Platinum
OK. Here we started, all this took years of experience with the decoration of Simons
In biology, physics and optics do this.
Note that, as you can see, these two "squares" close to each other have different fascia.
Small holes on the right with a diameter of one micron
right Now. I once heard that the wings of butterflies are colored by the holes on them so you will think that the ones on the right are colored
Right? Well, I made a simple comparison, and I noticed that the nets have a structure
Actually black! Since the electron microscope uses electrons instead
Light, it can not provide color images, so it is common for scientists to manufacture fake color images
To help people understand what they are looking at. See her again, but this time with fake colors.
Well, let's look at the "Morpho" as you can see that the front face of the wing is blue but somewhat backward
If you wipe it, we'll see that these brown sheets have small holes
But the blue party seems to have some grooves, if measured by the width of those grooves
We'll notice it's completely long-wave yellow color.
White Light - Yellow = Light Blue
So somehow those grooves delete the yellow light to make those wings look blue. And if that wing is taken
And cut it here, and looked at those grooves, as if you were looking at a valley.
You'll see a puzzling microscopic structure, that's amazing. When it falls
White light, this microstructure is the ideal measurement of interaction with
The wavelength of the light is visible and the color is deleted yellow, which is what keeps the color blue
This gives the Morpho its color. In this "goliath birdwing" butterfly
This complex microscopic structure deletes red and blue discoloration
Green, after thinking about it, realized that somehow I filled those gaps
It will not be able to interact with the light, and I should be able to see the painted wing as it is
Instead of chromatic deception. Here we begin, when the wings are covered
With a little Isopropanol you can see that the wing has lost its beam due to the filling of that microstructure.
But after that matter evaporates, those bright colors come back, and here you are again.
Butterflies use microstructure to falsify their color damage
But we did not answer our question how those "bedspreads" installed on the wings?
Like this: as if someone had carefully planted trees
With equal distances. I think it's beautiful during flying
Or even the dynamics of the air along the wing, in a way that pulls those scales out of their roots
Leaving these holographic effects. So each time you touch the wings of this butterfly you do
Remember that "cethaerius" that I was talking about? It has scales from the tip and gradually
Fade to become transparent. So I took some pictures under microscopic (light) to see
Exactly what color I should use in counterfeit images. But I discovered that it was not only those diapers
There seems to be some kind of capillaries. When I took this to Dr. Simons I learned two things:
First, I know that the color of those scales is floral because I took a picture of them
But it has the structure of holes as we saw earlier, this is strange, as it looks
Already that dyes do it. Secondly, capillaries are not bristles.
I mean look at this. This is madness. What happens and why?
I mean there is a microscopic structure but it does not seem to lead to a phenomenon
Visual Because this is on the transparent part of the wing, why would a butterfly need something like this?
I mean, the information needed to build something like that
The energy that goes to something like this is incredible! So why not?
For a moment let's agree that something as simple as a butterfly
Contains a complex gas that I or you will not understand.
And this .. this is beautiful
Wow. that's cool
Thank you so much for your time .. Video like this is very difficult to install with some, often needs
To many people, such as Dr. Symons as an example, genius.
There is also Laron who has painted images of the electronic microscope that is on the Facebook page
If you want to download them. Also Henry of "Minute Physics" took time for the animation industry to process
Zoom in and out of me. I could not do it myself. That was great, of course Gordon was writing the music
And many many people, but more important than audible.com,
Because they raised money for me to do things like
Driving to Atlanta, so they fund "smarter every day" so if you consider
Help audible.com like "Smarter Every day" by downloading
Free Audio Books Go to: audible.com/smarter and browse their titles
There are about 100,000 books I was reading one of them now "The Shark's Paintbrush"
"Tradition of nature" and how nature inspires inventors. There are some of the "tradition of nature"
Here I would like to talk about it in a subsequent video, I think you will love it, but whatever, more important than this
Go to audible.com/smarter and do not forget to download some books to help
"Smarter Every Day" You are smart people, you know what I mean, whatever I am
You are sacrificing smarter every day. Thank you for your time, good times
- Is she she would like to be in the video?
You would like to have as many fans, so try putting me in your video .. - hard? You have no idea
Nothing on this little jerusalem nor quite seems
It's a butterfly shape, but somehow a gel material inside
Its cocoon makes a microscopic structure, "Glory be to Him"
- What do you paint here at the bottom? - butterfly sails
- Where are those scales? - On wings. - How did you know that?
Because you are making a video [laughing]
-right Now? - Yes now
Well, obviously, I got the maximum number of fans because
"Princess" in the video is true ?? Bye bye!
Hasan Sawan: Hasan Sawan: hsn.saw@gmail.com